So there are some exercises which are crucial for building back, which are lat exercises. These are super important since it is
what gives you that wide back and builds wings. Lat exercises are hard to master since you need good mind muscle connection.
This is because it is easy to compensate with your shoulders and biceps. So when you are pulling down, you need to lean back a bit
and make sure that you are doing it with your lats. 

1. Lat pulldowns
Start light so you can master this exercise. Make sure you are ONLY using your lats. If you feel the burn anywhere else, you are doing it wrong.
you have to pull the bar as low as you can and squeeze your back and lats fully. Once you can feel it properly hitting your lats,
you can start increasing the weight.

1st set should be a light warmup set
2nd set should be mid weigh that you can rep 8 times without issues, and then aim for a total of 10-12. The last reps should start to feel heavy.
3rd set go as heavy as you can without sacrificing form. Make sure you still feel the burn in your lats and nowhere else. 4-6 reps. 
4th set drop the weight a bit, enough so that at 8 you are failing


2. Back rows
Here its easy to use your biceps, but dont. Its a pulling motion akin to rowing, so you should squeeze your back and pull with your back.
1st set warmup 10-12 lightweight
2nd middleweight 8-10 reps, should be fatiguing your muscles towards the end
3rd heavyweight, 4-6 reps, should be hard
4rd middle-heavy weight, lighter than the 3rd but should be heavy after 8 reps. Do as many as you can, at least 8


3. Bent over rows superset with trap shrugs

I like doing this on the squat rack. Push your butt out and bend forward, keeping your back straight. Feel the burn in your back
and not in your biceps. After each set, before setting the bar down you are gonnna do as many shoulder shrugs as you can without changing the weight.

1st set warmup 10-12 lightweight + shrugs
2nd middleweight 8-10 reps, should be fatiguing your muscles towards the end + shrugs
3rd heavyweight, 4-6 reps, should be hard + shrugs
4rd middle-heavy weight, lighter than the 3rd but should be heavy after 8 reps. Do as many as you can, at least 8 + shrugs.

4. Cable row
Although seemingly similar to other exercises, this one works the lower back. You dont have to go super heavy on this one, form is the most important thing. Make sure you are bending forward before pulling back, and make sure you feel the burn in your back.
DO 4 sets till failure each one.

